Pr 428 (#435)
ietf-wg-jsonpath/draft-ietf-jsonpath-base: draft-ietf-jsonpath-base.md

  does not require or assume any particular representation.

Parameter:

> : Formal parameter (of a function) that can take function arguments (actual parameters) in a function-expression.

Reviewer: Let's not suggest the a single parameter can take multiple arguments:
```suggestion
: Formal parameter (of a function) that can take a function argument (actual parameter) in a function-expression.
```

Author: Can you copy over this change to #428?
(I can't, because of the weird issue with PRs from "main" on "main".)

  Path for a specific argument, the Normalized Path needs to identify
  exactly one node. Similar
  to, but syntactically different from, a JSON Pointer {{-pointer}}.

>   Each node in a query argument is identified by exactly one normalized path (we say, the normalized path is "unique" for that node),
>   and, to be a normalized path for a specific query argument, the normalized path needs to identify exactly one node.

Reviewer: Hmmm. The above was a vestige of the merge.
```suggestion
```
